Update type of values in last run dict (#4632)
demisto/content: docs/fetching_incidents/README.md

### Setting Last Run
When the last of the events have been retrieved, we need to save the new last run time into the integration context. This timestamp will be used the next time the ```fetch-incidents``` function is ran.

> One more thing important to know when setting the last run object is that the values of the dictionairy must be of type string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Something important to note is that when setting the last run object, the values of the dictionary must be of the type `string`.
```
